HOW TO RUN THE DRC SCRIPT ON YOUR FILES....

(1) You should open up the gdsii file you created using MATLAB in some Klayout, afterwards go to tools, DRC, edit DRC Scripts.

(2) After this, click import file in the top left corner area (it's an icon which looks like a stack of paper), and navigate to the location
of this folder on your device. After clicking on the DRC_CHECK.lydrc file you will be prompted with the script popping up in the navigator.

(3) Once the script is visible within the window, click the green arrow with the exclamation point (run script from the current tab) or SHIFT+F5, this
button should be located directly above the tab for the DRC_CHECK.lydrc file.

(*) Make sure in your gds file ur layers meet the following correspondence:
	PMETAL = Layer 5
	SOI = Layer 10 
	HOLE = Layer 11 
	TRCH = Layer 20
	BMETL = Layer 30

(4) After this runs, error objects should be returned to each of the following layers (1, 2, 3, 4, 6)
     PMETL Errors (Layer 1)
     SOI Errors (Layer 2)
     HOLE Errors (Layer 3)
     TRCH Errors (Layer 4)
     BMETL Errors (Layer 6)

(5) Afterwards you may look inside each of these layers to find where errors occured in the design of your SOIMUMPS device, and then you may use edit
said design until no error objects occur/ your design passes the tests.



THE SOIMUMPS/DRC RULES BEING CHECKED....

- The SOIMUMPS design rules being implemented are all described in the soimumps_rules.pdf file which is the SOIMUMPS Design Rule handbook, additionally
  there are some exceptions made/ discrepencies with this script which will be detailed below.....

  - Instead of doing a length check based off of anchoring as described in the SOIMUMPS rules (s that are less than 6µm in width, is to use a maximum 
    length of 100µm) all lengths in the DRC_CHECK.lydrc file are in microns/micrometers by default.


  -  For the 2.3 level to level overlay rules we merely summed the center to center overlay tolerance with the
     edge to edge bias in order to make a "total tolerance" that we check for inbetween the polygons of each layer,
     for example if we go to Table 2.3 in the SOIMUMPS design rules pdf the "total tolerance" for PADMETAL to SOI
     would be 6 um, which is the overlay we would look for inbetween polygons/edges of the layers.


KNOWN ISSUES CURRENTLY IN DEVELOPMENT/NEED Work

- It seems that output may not be sent to the right layers, or there seems to 
be some error where either the input layer's aren't being loaded into the corresponding objects
PMETL, SOI, HOLE, TRCH, BMETL, etc.

-Error Objects are currently

-Not having the layer correspondence specified in step * causes the program to 
overwrite with blank layers...